# Why I like games

## Try 1

I like games because I usually go to another worlds, worlds that I could not explore in real life.
Some games is too nostalgic for me like tibia.
This game in specific I played when I was eleven years old and this game made my future.
Now, I am a programmer only because when I was younger my brother show to me the game that I can explore hunts, 
make hunting in deepers caves and the most important thing, tibia was a game that I can customize and create new servers from scratch.
They players of this game usually post tutorials and articles in xtibia.com, a forum about tibia that you can find other servers and amazing
contents about tibia. My brother and I start to develop new servers, I was the "mapper", the guy who develop the world of the game and my brother
was the programmer/mapper too. Together, we develop some servers based on RadBR that we like so much. After a years, I stopped play tibia
but my brother still playing and now he could even make some money with this, he speciallize with freelance doing maps to otservers.

## Fixes

I like games because I usually go to another world, worlds that I could not explore in real life.
Some games are too nostalgic for me like tibia.
This game in specific I played when I was eleven years old and this game made my future.
Now, I am a programmer only because when I was younger my brother showed me the game that I can explore hunts, 
go on huntings in deeper caves and the most important thing, tibia was a game that I could customize and create new servers from scratch.
The players of this game usually post tutorials and articles on xtibia.com, a forum about tibia that you can find other servers and amazing
content about tibia. My brother and I started to develop new servers, I was the "mapper", the guy who develops the world of the game and my brother
was the programmer/mapper too. Together, we developed some servers based on RadBR that we like so much. After a couple of years, I stopped playing tibia
but my brother is still playing and now he could even make some money with this, he specialized with freelance doing mapping to otservers.

## Observations

```markdown
// When is in the past
// stop to play

Wrong: stop play.
Right: stop to play.
```

```markdown
// When is in the past
// stop + play

Wrong: stopped play.
Right: stopped playing.
```
